flutter: improve automatic instrumentation page (#8709)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/dart/integrations/dio.mdx

## Performance Monitoring for HTTP Requests

The Dio integration also provides insight into performance monitoring for your HTTP requests done with Dio.

### Instrumentation Behaviour

> - The created spans will be attached to the transaction on the scope - if no transaction is on the scope the Hive span will not be sent to Sentry.

Reviewer: Typo?

```suggestion
- The created spans will be attached to the transaction on the scope - if no transaction is on the scope the span will not be sent to Sentry.
```

- The SDK sets the span operation to `http.client` and the description to request `$METHOD $url`. For example, `GET https://sentry.io`.
- The span finishes once the request has been executed.
- The span status depends on either the HTTP response code or `SpanStatus.internalError()` if the code does not match any of Sentry's SpanStatus options.
- When the HTTP request throws an Exception, Sentry's SDK associates this exception to the running span. If you haven't set the SDK to swallow the exception and capture it, the span and `SentryEvent` will be linked when viewing it on the Issue Details page in sentry.io.

### Prerequisite

Before starting, ensure:

> 1. Sentry Flutter SDK must be initialized. Learn more [here](/platforms/flutter/#configure)
> 2. Performance Monitoring must be set up. Learn more [here](/platforms/flutter/performance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Sentry Flutter SDK is initialized. Learn more [here](/platforms/flutter/#configure).
2. Performance Monitoring is set up. Learn more [here](/platforms/flutter/performance/).
```

dio.addSentry();
```

### Verify

> #### 1. Execute the code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Execute the Code
```

```dart
import 'package:sentry_dio/sentry_dio.dart';

Future<void> makeWebRequestWithDio() async {
  final dio = Dio();
  dio.addSentry();

  // If there is no active transaction, start one
  final transaction = Sentry.startTransaction(
    'dio-web-request',
    'request',
    bindToScope: true,
  );
  final span = transaction.startChild(
    'dio',
    description: 'desc',
  );
  Response<String>? response;
  try {
    response = await dio.get<String>(exampleUrl);
      span.status = const SpanStatus.ok();
    } catch (exception, stackTrace) {
      span.throwable = exception;
      span.status = const SpanStatus.internalError();
      await Sentry.captureException(exception, stackTrace: stackTrace);
    } finally {
      await span.finish();
    }
}
```

> #### 2. View the transaction on Sentry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 2. View the Transaction on Sentry.io
```
